It's not me, could it be that you're right, hahahaha.
Dad, did I hear you right?
This trash
He actually said that he promoted Huacan Group
Cooperation with our Jiang family
Yesterday, in order to take credit in front of my father
You pretended to be Kobayashi and said it was the bone marrow you donated
In order to stay at the Jiang family today
You pretended to be Xiaoli's credit again
Say you brokered the cooperation
Why is your skin so thick?
What I said is true.
If you are really capable
Can promote the cooperation between Huacan Group and Jiang Family
I won't work hard for five years
I know you are unwilling to be abandoned by the Jiang family
But don't worry.
The Jiang family won't watch you starve to death outside
Here's 50,000 dollars
You take it first, don't be hypocritical here
Hey, hey, mom.
Are you all right?
How dare you hit my mother in public?
Hmm presumptuous
You are so lawless
You all saw
today
Since he is disrespectful to his elders in front of us
unfilial
We can't tolerate a scum like you in the Jiang family
Even if you don't sign
We Jiangjiabiao make a clean break with you
Cut in two
I have no nostalgia for your kind of family